---
layout: post
title:  "My Resume"
date:   2016-06-22 12:44:01 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---
SAMUEL L. KECECI

17 Franklin Road 

Mendham, NJ 07945 

(908) 410-1220

––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
 

EDUCATION

The Pingry School, Basking Ridge, NJ 07920

Graduated with Cum Laude Honors on June 12, 2016 

Attending Columbia University in September 2016

Plan to study Financial Engineering and Operations Research

 
LEADERSHIP

Pingry Credit Union: Co-Founder and Head of Investments
Educated students on all aspects of operation. Invest money in taxable municipal debts, CDs AAA, low risk securities. Successfully obtained NCUA charter for operation in January 2016. Currently manage over 10 million dollars.

Vital Signs (Analytical Magazine): Associate Editor
Oversee all aspects of production, from editing articles to final publication. Increased club membership from ~10 to ~25 in 4 years.

PolyGlot (Foreign Language Journal): Head editor for French chapter Guide all French students in submissions, layout, content, graphics, and printing.


EMPLOYMENT/INTERNSHIPS

FORCE Cancer Research: (summer of 2014)
Designed PowerPoint presentations on overview of BRCA-related Pancreatic cancer for use in fundraising. 
Published white paper on BRCA cancer diagnosis. Work in lab and shadowing oncologists.

Appraisal Systems, Inc: (2015-2016)
Measured and surveyed houses for property tax re-evaluation, filmed and edited footage using drone for company training video and PowerPoint. Modernized website and created scheduling web app for surveyors.

West Morris Soccer Club: (since 2013)
Referee for travel soccer games of all ages and levels throughout the state.


ACHEIVEMENTS

Harvard Pre-Collegiate Economics Competition: 
Placed 5th out of the 48 top teams from around the world invited to compete in economics challenge.

Cum Laude Honors Society:
Chosen as one of 20 students in my graduating class based on academic acheivement. [More info here][cumlaude].




[cumlaude]: http://cumlaudesociety.org/










